Logger (#13)
cloudinary/cloudinary-go: README.md

go get -u github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go
```

### Logging

Cloudinary SDK logs errors using standard `go log` functions.

> If you need to redefine logger or to adjust logging level please check [logging](LOGGING.md) page for additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on redefining the logger or adjusting the logging level,  see [Logging](LOGGING.md).
```

go get -u github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go
```

### Logging

> Default logger in Cloudinary Go SDK is `go log`. If you want to change error level to enable debug messages you could use `cloudinary.Logger.SetLevel`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default logger in Cloudinary Go SDK is `go log`. If you want to change the error level to enable debug messages, you can use `cloudinary.Logger.SetLevel`: 
```

```go
cloudinary.Logger.SetLevel(logger.DEBUG)
```

> #### Using logrus with SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using logrus with the SDK
```

```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go"
	"github.com/sirupsen/logrus"
	"log"
)

func main() {
	// Start by creating a new instance of Cloudinary using CLOUDINARY_URL environment variable.
	// Alternatively you can use cloudinary.NewFromParams() or cloudinary.NewFromURL().
	var cld, err = cloudinary.New()
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("Failed to intialize Cloudinary, %v", err)
	}

	// Initialize your logger somewhere in your code.
	// Set cloudinary.Logger.ErrorLogger and cloudinary.Logger.DebugLogger fields with logrus functions
	var logger = logrus.New()
	cld.Logger.ErrorLogger = logger.WithField("source", "cloudinary").Errorln
	cld.Logger.DebugLogger = logger.WithField("source", "cloudinary").Debugln
}
```

> #### Using Zap with SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using Zap with the SDK
```

```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go"

> 	"github.com/sirupsen/logrus"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	"go.uber.org/zap"
```

	"log"
)

func main() {
	// Start by creating a new instance of Cloudinary using CLOUDINARY_URL environment variable.
	// Alternatively you can use cloudinary.NewFromParams() or cloudinary.NewFromURL().
	var cld, err = cloudinary.New()
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("Failed to intialize Cloudinary, %v", err)
	}

	// Initialize your logger somewhere in your code.
	// Set cloudinary.Logger.ErrorLogger and cloudinary.Logger.DebugLogger fields with zap sugared logger functions
	var zapLogger, _ = zap.NewDevelopment()
	var zapSugared = zapLogger.Sugar()

> 	logger.ErrorLogger = zapSugared.With("source", "cloudinary").Error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	cld.Logger.ErrorLogger = zapSugared.With("source", "cloudinary").Error
```

> 	logger.DebugLogger = zapSugared.With("source", "cloudinary").Debug

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	cld.Logger.DebugLogger = zapSugared.With("source", "cloudinary").Debug
```
